fix: issue with generating cypress.config.js in projects with type of module (#21323)
cypress-io/cypress: system-tests/projects/migration-e2e-module/README.md

> ## Migration E2E Defaults
> 
> An e2e project with all defaults. We rename the `integrationFolder` and spec extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migration E2E Module

An e2e project with ES modules. We rename the `integrationFolder` and spec extension.
```
